Tirs Art Description

Draw the requested featuring a character with a highly stylized and fantastical design. The figure has the delicate and intricate features often associated with fantasy elves or fae. This character has  is a Dark Elf Black Guard, situated in the center chair of three within the enchanting Mirkwood Forest. He holds onto a Halberd. 

The character is wearing armor that looks organic, almost as if it has grown naturally to fit their body. The armor is adorned with leaf-like patterns and spiraling designs, and it's a blend of natural brown, black, and purple tones with hints of metallic sheen, suggesting a harmony between nature and craftsmanship. 

The background of the image has a soft, dark glow and features the gentle light of what appears to be a sunset filtering through a forest. There are hints of sparkling light, possibly magic or dew catching the light, and the color palette consists mainly of dark colors with contrasting tones in the sprinkled throughout the background. The style of the image is detailed and ornate, with a focus on smooth lines and a harmony of colors that give the scene a serene and enchanted atmosphere.

------------
bold lineart, detailed line work, ditigal painting, flat colors and geometric shapes for fantasy D&D. Illustration with strong contrast between light and shadow, bright higlights for details and character, dark background to create depth.
------------

artist references
Greg Rutkowski
WLOP
Charlie Bowater - ok fantasy
Akihiko Yoshida - japanese




pixie, purple flower wings, body of plant like fibers, throwing a spear thistle. Full body shot in the style of TCG illustration, character design with a light background, concept art in the styles of Atey Ghailan, Moebius and Alphonse Mucha. 2D game artwork 

-----------

Gen IDs: 
Lyairg - CbFEl6m568MTleWi
Cirsi - VEWyTvWXVYmr0hoE
Leni - j7Tftfmv8ZtGPJK8
Ocypete - GkMh1ZaFsodNJYDQ


very stylized shadow dancers:
First image: fCBYvEHygLs0APgF
Second image: acwAyvaYxBwSdIEH